youtube the stuff on in here I bother
bringing minded my neti Rio probe
monetary deck profile first off to begin
with I run three mosquitoes if this card
is face up on the field and on any
damage that i will take involving a
material battle is reflected upon my
opponent instead and yeah much and now i
have three material butterflies send the
top card on my deck to the graveyard and
to stop and monsters attack two armored
bees half attack of an opponent's
monster into the end phase three giant
rats when this card is destroyed by
battle special summoned of 1500 or less
attack once true I like it cuz it's on
earth I have two notorious strawberries
to spider fangs this I cannot declare
that echinacea upon activated a spell
trap or spell trap effect or monsters
the fact is turn to an interior rocks
when the trap card is activated I
couldn't talk out on my deck to the
grave which is special summon this card
from my hand to a new terror maryland's
this is the shuffler for the materials
on this project when this card is normal
something you can say i want to your
monster from your deck to the river once
per turn when you can target to nature
and watches in a graveyard shuffle both
those charges into the deck then draw
one when it's your vein and one some
flower fruit fly and amount is and also
i got a notorious tag beetle the ones
pechanga in the damage step or or battle
step of this card's attack when your
opponent activates a card or effect you
can select one into a monster in your
graveyard special something that target
from your graveyard one ragweed it like
if my opponent activates like um let's
say like a car that like allows them to
draw at you send this face-up card from
my field to the Graveyard to to draw two
cards and interior beam when this card
is selected as an attack target your
point it takes five hundred and once
pretend i cannot be destroyed our
battles to destroy this by battle they
all have to take a thousand at least
naturia beetle switch that attack and
deep into this card whenever spell card
is activated I just mean
because I don't have that much materials
as you can see and I'm missing clear
dragonfly and a couple other ones that I
want to add to this deck I also run a
material pineapple just just for the
hell of it stinkbug is like a battle
fader I got Tim right blue brawler
differ cannot be destroyed by battle and
and it's earth less they even bonus one
beast king Barbaro's I can normal summon
this card with no tribute but this
attack would be nineteen hundred or if I
to be three monsters for this I could
destroy all your opponent's on-field
mystic beast of Serket and I have that
to go with temple of the Kings and one
long flower blossom that about answer
for my monsters now on to the traps I
have to call the hunted to scrap iron
scarecrow with three like let's say if
by a chance this happened to be my field
your monster can attack at all or they
could but i'll just stop to attack
divine wrath I did discard one card to
negative activation when the fact much
as the fact and destroy that trap card
on that effect not sure my bed about
that turns your tribute nuke the field
solemn warning starlight Road mirror
force shadow spa gravity bind I like to
have this and most of my like lockdowns
are with low level monsters below 40
below 4 stars so I basically puts a log
on to my opponent I'm more than me
Destin 80 poly noses I'll contribute one
plant-type monster are controlled to
negative activation of a pouch abnormal
or special summon and stir that car when
I tarea sacred tree i'm looking to get
two more of these but primacy don't like
anybody that has them and won't feed
this chain and that about a different my
trap cards on to the spells I got temple
of the Kings I could say um I
collectively trap cards the signature
that i sat on when I traffic control if
your opponent controls 30 or more
monsters they cannot decline the tag
lightning vortex I'm actually looking
for more of these oh yeah um bark and
bark opponent cannot actively trap cards
during when you activate this card if
you control of a signature monster the
dark door this is another lock down that
I have for my butterfly mosquito and
beans basically if they try to attack
i'll just activate boom butterfly and
i'll just send the top card on my deck
to the grabber and there goes our battle
phase and one sort of revealing light
and that about as it from my spells now
on to my Extra Deck I have one neat
eerie exterior i can special summon this
card with with that one cut on mystic
piece of survey of circuit and that
temple of the Kings god we need teria
bark bark e on my bed about the on
managed two cards from my graveyard then
I get like a vision of a trap card my
opponent does and destroy it beast i
sent the top two card on my deck to the
gravity negative activation of an effect
I mean of an effect of a spell card one
star just dragging its pretty good card
in this deck like let's say that
activate dark hole or lightning vortex
distribute this and it goes back in time
phase one black rose dragon just to blow
up the field when when things ain't
looking talk on when things ain't
looking so pretty one Quint of torrent
I'm mostly I'm have this card when I um
when I have faced on my material
pineapple because of nature's plan on
because of Nigeria pineapples effect
officer monsters are treated as plan
types so basically my opponent would
just be receiving the a thousand damage
whenever they I'm activate a card or a
monster should I say one iron chain
dragon level six if this car this battle
damage to my opponent they had to send
the top three cards of the deck to the
Graveyard one flamvell something I don't
know and I mostly have it because I can
afflict battle damage to my opponent
which I don't like really like some of
these to a lot when General Sir is one
number twenty giga-brilliant I can
detach 1 X Y Z mature from this card arm
facing monsters that I control gain 300
darvin three utopias just stall out for
from my key cards whenever like things
are getting rough again or I lesson is
that like they have a strong level one
yeah like a strong attack monster and if
I can get rid of it I'll just stall out
with these and one battle cruiser died
something I was like that then yeah
pretty much a safe from my deck let me
know what you think on the comments
below and thanks for watching